Okay, great.
As long as you can successfully inherit the vice today
Location of the city lord
I believe our family will thrive
today
During this time you move between various families
Thank you
Baixiang, today's ceremony
He ordered well
Didn't embarrass my neighbor
You dead old man
And after today, I'm the Avenger.
You are just a soul in my eyes
Dad, thank you for your compliment
Beichen, recently
I've heard a lot of rumors about your excessive concubine
You have to understand who is your wife
parents
Don't worry.
Beichenlin's pro Jin Yun is my only wife
I will only spoil her for the rest of my life
Sister, listen
Beichen, this kid!
Still take you to heart?
Stop thinking about it.
Run the family well
Have a baby early!
It's better than anything
Yes, I got it, Dad.
I don't know when the city lord will arrive today.
Hey, by the way, yesterday I was shopping with the mayor's daughter
He had his eye on a necklace.
I replaced the heirloom jade bracelet my mother gave me
Bought him that necklace
Good judgment
I heard that Chen Zu is just such a daughter
How about you? You gave another big one like this.
From now on, you and Beichen will still be in Jingping
I will definitely get Cao Budang from Chen Zu.
OK
This time, with the help of Lord Chen and Commander Zu
I believe
I, Gu Beichen, will definitely be able to rise to the top in Jinping
It seems that we should not attack Lin Qinglin for the time being
With the relationship of Master Chen's daughter
I have to make good use of Meichen
Thrush, why are you here?
Sure enough, it seems that Qin Huomei really got into a trap
My body is almost recovered
Such an important day
Of course I'm going to use my soul power
You see
This is a gift I prepared for the mayor's daughter
Is it precious?
Liu Qing, wait for me to be the most god, good spirit
Oh, it's all here.
It's so lively
Congratulations congratulations
The overseer became the deputy mayor today
Congratulations
Dorothy Gang Master
Gang Master Li looks a little haggard
Yesterday?
The daughter of the city lord asked a few thieves to rob it
City Lord
Also let us Yuhua Gang
Go and help find those little thieves
So far?
Oops, no result
City Lord Queen
Well, even the daughter of the city lord dares to rob
Who is so bold?
That is.
Ah, Libao, what was robbed of you?
I heard it looks like a sapphire I just bought.
Heard about this mature girl?
I like it very much.
So I'm very angry now.
What I won't grab yet is the necklace you gave me.
Definitely.
That necklace is still an heirloom jade bracelet given to me by my mother
What about the replacement?
Jingyun just said
The person who went shopping with you yesterday
The daughter of the city lord
Sister, don't be nervous.
Although the necklace I gave her was robbed
But didn't my sister also prepare a gift?
Either of us sisters gives the same gift, right?
I really can't send this to the city lord
It's over.
It's over. It's over.